docs: add market making (#3166)
decred/dcrdex: docs/wiki/Market-Making.md

## Bot Settings

The market maker settings allow you to configure all the necessary parameters for your bot, it can be accessed by pressing the <img src="./images/using-bison-wallet/mm-botconfig-button.png" width="20" alt=""> button.

<img src="./images/using-bison-wallet/mm-settings.png" width="1200" alt="">

The bot's parameters can be confirmed by pressing the `Save Settings` button.

# Bot Types

The following section details the bot types available in Bison Wallet and their configuration parameters.

## Basic Market Maker

The Basic Market Maker aims to profit from market volatility by placing buy and sell orders at predefined price intervals based 
on the selected strategy. It works by creating a grid of orders around the basis market price. As the market fluctuates, 
buy orders are matched when the price drops to a specific level, and corresponding sell orders are matched as the price rises. 
The strategy continually adjusts by replenishing orders to maintain the grid, allowing traders to capture profits from price 
oscillations without needing to predict the market's direction.

### Basis Price

> The basis price for the market maker is calculated using the mid-gap of the market order book as a starting point. If oracles are available and the oracle weighting is greater than 0, the oracle price is factored into the basis price adjustment.

Author: > and the oracle weighting is greater than 0
Is the oracle weighting still configurable?

<img src="./images/using-bison-wallet/mm-placements-quick.png" width="400" alt="">

The following placement settings are available in Quick Configuration mode:

* **Price Levels Per Side:** The number of steps or levels at which the bot will place orders on each side of the order book.
* **Lots per Level:** The depth of each order, defined by the number of lots the bot allocates per price level.
* **Profit Threshold:** Adjusts the spread by adding a margin to the breakeven spread, expressed as a percentage of the mid-gap price.
* **Price Increment:** The price difference between consecutive order levels in the order book.

<img src="./images/using-bison-wallet/mm-placements-quick-layout.png" width="800" alt="">

#### Manual Configuration

Manual placement configuration allows users to fine-tune their market-making strategy with greater precision while also providing access to various algorithms for order placement.

<img src="./images/using-bison-wallet/mm-placements-manual.png" width="400" alt="">

The following placement settings are available in the Manual Configuration mode:

> * **Gap Strategy:** Sets the algorithm for calculating the distance from the basis price to place orders. The following strategies are available:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Gap Strategy:** Sets the algorithm for calculating the distance from the basis price to place orders. Some of the algorithms involve a "break even spread". The break even spread is the spread between a buy and sell order, where if one lot of each are matched, the profit will exactly cover the network fees for the two swaps. The following strategies are available:
```

>     * **Percent Plus:** The gap starts at the break-even spread, which is the minimum spread at which a buy-sell combo produces profit, 
>     and then adds the specified spread, calculated as a percentage of the mid-gap price.
>     * **Percent:** The gap is set to the specified percent of the mid-gap price.
>     * **Absolute Plus:** The gap starts at the break-even spread, which is the minimum spread at which a buy-sell combo produces profit, 
>     and then adds the specified rate difference to both sides.
>     * **Absolute:** The spread is set to the specified value both left and right of the mid-gap, resulting in a total gap of twice the 
>     specified value.
>     * **Multiplier:** The gap is set to the specified multiple of the break-even spread, which is the minimum spread at which a buy-sell combo produces profit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * **Percent Plus:** Distance from basis price is determined by the specified percentage of the price, plus half of the break even spread. 
    * **Percent:** Distance from basis price is determined by the specified percentage of the price.
    * **Absolute Plus:** Distance from basis price is exactly the rate specified in the placement, plus half of the break even spread. 
    * **Absolute:** Distance from basis price is exactly the rate specified in the placement.
    * **Multiplier:** Distance from basis price is a multiple of half the break even spread.
```

* **Buy Placements:** Defines the bot's buy order placements. If the available balance is insufficient to place all orders, the bot will prioritize them accordingly. 

> * **Sell Placements:** Defines the bot's sell order placements. If the available balance is insufficient to place all orders, the bot will prioritize them accordingly.

Reviewer: > If the available balance is insufficient to place all orders, the bot will prioritize them accordingly. 

You could write this separately somewhere instead of repeating. This is true for quick config as well.

<img src="./images/using-bison-wallet/mm-selectmarket.png" width="400" alt="">

After selecting the desired market, a prompt will appear, allowing you to choose one of the supported bots.

<img src="./images/using-bison-wallet/mm-choosebot.png" width="400" alt="">

After configuring placements and other parameters, the bot can be created by clicking the `Create Bot` button.

<img src="./images/using-bison-wallet/mm-basic-createbot.png" width="400" alt="">

The Market Making Overview screen will appear, displaying all configured bots.

<img src="./images/using-bison-wallet/mm-basic-createbot2.png" width="800" alt="">

To start the bot, click the `Allocate and Run` button. A prompt will appear, confirming whether you have sufficient funds to run the bot with the configured parameters.

<img src="./images/using-bison-wallet/mm-allocate-1.png" width="400" alt="">
 
The bot can then be started by pressing the <img src="./images/using-bison-wallet/mm-start-button.png" width="20" alt=""> button.

The market making screen will update to display the bot's status and key performance statistics. 

<img src="./images/using-bison-wallet/mm-basic-running.png" width="800" alt="">

> The bot can be stopped by pressing the `Stop` button, or deleted by pressing the <img src="./images/using-bison-wallet/mm-delete-button.png" width="20" alt=""> button. 

Reviewer: The delete button you're showing is the view logs button.

Author: Yeah I noticed this after I pushed this, will correct - I will be adding the arb+mm and simple arb.
